Add community-specific documentation: DMCC (#460)
EGI-Federation/documentation: content/en/users/communities/dmcc/_index.md

---
title: "Disaster Mitigation and Agriculture community"
linkTitle: "Disaster Mitigation and Agriculture community"
type: docs
weight: 10
description: >
  How to to use the EGI infrastructure for Disaster Mitigation and Agriculture community
---

> This is the documentation to suppor the Disaster Mitigation and Agriculture community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the documentation to support the Disaster Mitigation and Agriculture community.
```

## Researchers

### How to get access

> Getting access to the EGI infrastructure consist of the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting access to the EGI infrastructure consists of the following steps:
```

1. [Sign-up](../../aai/check-in/signup/) for an EGI Check-In account.
1. Request to join the `vo.environmental.egi.eu`
   [Virtual Organisation (VO)](https://confluence.egi.eu/display/EGIG/Virtual+organisation)
   by visiting the [enrollment URL](https://aai.egi.eu/registry/co_petitions/start/coef:369)
   with your EGI Check-In account. The subscription requires approval from the
   VO Manager. For further information, please check the
   [VO ID card](https://operations-portal.egi.eu/vo/view/voname/vo.environmental.egi.eu).
1. Access the cloud-based resources at CESNET-MCC:
   * [Horizon OpenStack dashboard](https://dashboard.cloud.muni.cz/)
   * Project name: `vo.environmental.egi.eu`
   * Project ID: `29e6fbf618984a0c98ffcdf0222ad815`
   * Network ID: `group-project-network`
   * Security Group: ingress traffic to port 22 (SSH) is enabled

### How to bring your scientific application to the EGI infrastructure

The official solution to distribute software in the EGI Infrastructure
is to use [CVMFS](https://cernvm.cern.ch/fs/), the Software
Distribution Service developed to assist High Energy Physics collaborations
at CERN. For more details, please refer to the

> [CVMFS](../../compute/content-distribution/) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Contend Distribution](../../compute/content-distribution/) documentation.
```
I think we should promote the name of the service `Content Distribution` more than the technology "currently" used to implement it.

> The following alternative solutions to share scientific software in the
> EGI Infrastructure are also possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following alternative solutions for sharing scientific software in the
EGI Infrastructure are also available:
```

* Use the [EGI Applications Database](https://appdb.egi.eu/) (AppDB):
  either [packaging your application in a custom Virtual Machine](../../compute/cloud-compute/images/)
  or [uploading a Virtual Appliance](https://wiki.appdb.egi.eu/main:faq:how_to_register_a_virtual_appliance).
* Use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) containers.

### How to bring your data to the EGI infrastructure

> Different Data Management services are available in the EGI Infrastructure for dealing with data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For managing data, different Data Management services are available in the EGI Infrastructure:
```

* [EGI DataHub](../../data/management/datahub/)
* [EGI Data Transfer](../../data/management/data-transfer/)
* [EGI Data Orchestrator](../../data/management/rucio/)
* [OpenRDM](../../data/management/open-rdm/)

For more information, please see the [Data Management section](../../data/management/).

## Service Providers

### How to contribute cloud resources

> The steps that an OpenStack cloud provider needs to follow to add resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps that an OpenStack cloud provider need to follow to add resources
```

> The steps that an OpenStack cloud provider need to follow to add resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps that an OpenStack cloud provider needs to follow to add resources
```
Duh, sorry for this error, I will merge this fix myself, you were right :)
